All right, so let's try another little trick with a pipe.  I'll go over to my documents folder.
I'm going to use the 'touch' command to just make a little fake file here.
I'm going to do 'filename\ with\ spaces.pdf'
So there that showed up there, just the empty file, but you'll notice that I had to put these back
slashes in there because the space is actually a special character.
So that's--you'll see a lot of Linux file names without spaces because of that very reason.
So if we had a big folder with a bunch of these file names or spaces, you might want to go in and try
to rename them all with underscores instead.
So you can do that.
So we're just going to say 'echo filename\ with\ spaces.pdf'.
There it is.
But if you pipe it to 'sed'.
You can do this little trick, so you'd say "search for any spaces" and then what you want to replace it
which is a slash
or an underscore.
So what's what's in between each of these slashes is what you're searching for, what you're going to
replace it with, and then if you do a 'g' that just says globally--so do it for every space that you
find.
There you go.
Now it's got underscores
You could rename all those files and just rename them with underscores.